Hi everyone.
So let's see how to create a data frame object.
So in this video we're going to see how to create a data frame object from two different ways.
So first we are going to generate some random data with all of this random data generation kind of lively
like a non-believer.
And either way we're going to lose one comma separated file venture.
Eventually we are going to read and it will be done as the data fully object.
So that particular file we are going to use from this particular link.
So those things we'll see in the later half the video.
First let's generate some random data.
So first foremost thing we need to import both of the library.
So let us first import the panda's library
and another one for the random data.
Listen we are going to use that number library.
Let me just execute it.
So both of the library has been loaded.
Now let's generate some random data in a matrix automate order tabular form.
So we are going to use this and be not random not random.
And we are going to supply to arguing here.
So first is how many total number of rows you want to generate and honor that argument.
How many total number of columns do you want to generate.
So let's say I want to generate files and the second argument I would posit later three columns let
me just execute it.
So it has written me one number by adding it is having a total files and a three column.
Let me just assign the data.
OK now we'll see a value creating a C.D. object in our earlier section that we'll use the PD like cities
function.
Now CMB we can use the function like a PD like Duffy.
Now here we can parse this data and let's see what it will retain.
So you can see it has returned as the brand new data frame object which is having a total fighters and
each individual law has been pointed by the indexing number like a CDO.
One two three four.
And we have a total two columns the numbering is starting from 0 1 2.
Now let's see if you want to or some particular label number or so you can use like a I'm going to create
into another cell.
So let's say another argument I can pass like columns and I can supply columns like oh let's a let's
say me and it's a C.
Now you can see other columns name has been completely changed.
Now it becomes a B and C but still other raw numbers are 0 1 2 3 4.
So that is the argument you can pass like a index ledgers see the documentation so that is an index.
So instead of index is equal to None by default it is and then you can pass some values and it will
be automatically appeared at this particular place.
So every single law you can reference with a name like CDO One two three four.
At this moment and column has been referencing with a name like ABC.
Now there are some more attributes and matters.
We are going to see what we can apply on top of this data frame in the next video.
Now when you see this kind of structure you will be able to identify easily that this is a data offering
instead of what we identified earlier sex and like it was a C.D..
OK so this is the one we we hope created this late afternoon.
Now we are going to see other.
So we are going to use this particular data from this particular link.
So I already downloaded on my current looking directly so let me just open this file browser and we
have a one files like a header Dark Data CSC.
So let me just double click and open it.
It will open inside this Jupiter lab only so there are some poisonous informations are available.
Vitesse said there are a number of does that.
So each individual presents information has been written and at the very last column it indicates that
its salary is less than 50 given all up audits and created a 50 gave order.
Now we are not going to analyze anything at this moment.
We are just going to load it into our Python memory and it will return as the brand new data object.
So to create the data frame object from this particular CSP file we are going to use the other matter.
L.A. Reid and the school CSC.
So let me just select this EDI not read and disclose CSC.
Now I'm just going to press here.
That it will pop up meta documentation.
So there are a number of a lot of different parameters that are associated with this part of it.
So it's like little bit scary looking at how many barometers I need to minimum path.
So I would suggest that every time you do not need to parse every single thing.
So first argument will posit later this angle as this adult day did not specify recites it.
My current working directly so I am just typing here E.D. and just place that it will autocomplete this
added dot dot dot CSP file.
Now let me just execute it.
And let's see what it does.
So now you can see it has redone a few brand new data frame object for us and all the data has done
without passing any other argument.
Violating this lead in the school CSP file so it has displayed the first 30 that codes I guess.
And after the last 30 seconds.
So we have a huge number of roles are available.
So total thirty two thousand five six deals in this particular data offering these available.
And we didn't just matter of second it has a completely loaded into of a memory and we have a total
of 15 different columns set of associated with.
Now if you see here the very first of all it is still looks like an record because it is a eight.
It is a state government.
So this is like an ad record only because we haven't explicitly told that you do not consider anything
like a header.
In this case.
So I am just going to supply explicitly that header is equal to now.
OK.
And let's see what it means.
So now you can see that header will become 0 1 2 because if you see in our all regional dataset we don't
have any kind of header.
So that's why we are explicitly telling this feed and this goes see as we function do not consider any
kind of header if you go to this particular link first of all let me open this link
OK so from this particular place I'll take on this dataset and it has given all those informations of
individual feature or individual column information.
So now rather than putting like 0 0 1 2 as a column name let's give some meaningful name what we were
given in earlier.
Case like columns the ABC.
So let's give some meaningful name here.
So we are going to create one day which indicates that that particular array is a list of all columns.
So the first lady to be the case then vote plus.
And then there is a final debate education liquid education number and marital status.
Okay.
So for the sake of simplicity I have already created one at it.
So let me define this idea here.
So I am going to create a new cell and DNA.
So this is just equivalent to what informations I hope collected from individual columns of this particular
dataset.
So each class F and LV.
Same thing.
From that I created this list today.
So each invoke Class F and elevate an education limit and education number marital status then occupation.
So each individual adults information are available.
And last one is like an account the N salary limit.
Now how many hours per week it is working.
So let's pause to honor that argument here like names is equal to read fossil names.
So we who created this name.
Now don't get confused that this is that different function we are using a different function.
And here will pass the column name explicitly like columns is equal to ABC.
But here we are not using this data frame function instead of that for reading external fine external
file we're using this read and as closely as we on the Senate.
And for that you have to provide the names as argument which would eventually reflect as a individual
column name while you are reading this particular file.
Okay.
So now let me just executed safe tap so you can see it looks a little more interpretable.
That first column is not H and then invoke Class F and elevate education education no marital status.
OK so we'll successfully loaded this data into a data frame object and we'll created this data frame
object.
Now we can do all those kinds of operation on top of this data frame object.
So let me just assign this particular statement to the IDF which is generally people use to address
this data very very well.
So let me just assigning the F and if I just bring this the F again you will be able to see all those
kinds of data now if you just apply this in IDF or type function I would see.
So it has a readiness to find us or frame made offline.
So now we're going to work with one of the very important old data structure of this bind us it is nothing
with a data frame object and we have successfully created it.
So now in the next video we'll see what other more options attributes in a funk since we can apply on
the top of this data.
So that's all about this video.
See you in the next video.